[Annalise] Previously on
How to Get Away With Murder...
Did Laurel tell you she got
a creepy call
from a mouth-breather?
She thinks
it was her mother.
What did
Christopher see?
-I don't think
he saw anything.
-You don't think?!
We're prepared to offer you
complete immunity, Ms. Keating.
They're now saying
they have to take my laptop.
I'd feel more comfortable if I
was reassigned to a new agent.
I'm gonna have to
take you off Bonfire
until further notice.
[Telesco] This is FBI
Special Agent Claire Telesco.
This is Laurel Castillo.
Call me back.
[Dr. Groff] When Officer Gladden
uncuffed the inmate,
Mr. Lahey then reached
for her gun.
I have a present for you.
From your father, really.
Thought you would like
to know how proud he was.
It's late.
Yeah, I'll go.
I know who killed Nate Senior.
Emmett Crawford.
Are we sure these
are Emmett's phone records?
I'm not sure of anything
anymore.
I'm just saying,
this is the same governor
who played you before.
Like I need you
to remind me.
Okay, look at the time.
Emmett called the female guard
just minutes after I quit C&G.
Nate Senior was dead
two hours later.
You don't kill a man
because you're pissed
your employee quit.
You do if you want
to destroy me.
Or Birkhead's
made this all up.
That's why
I invited you here,
so you could tell me
who to believe.
I can't tell you that.
But I can tell you
Emmett Crawford
is not a man
who goes around
ordering hits on people.
-We don't know him.
-We don't know
the Governor either.
I didn't invite the Governor
to my home,
introduce her to my mom.
Being polite to a lonely man
on Christmas
doesn't make you a fool.
I almost kissed him.
You had already left.
I wasn't even drunk.
I just...
I needed something.
He was there.
Well, there's your answer.
That man's into you,
Annalise.
Just the whiff of sex
will lower his defenses.
[Annalise] So you're telling me
to play the whore?
[Tegan] I'm telling you to use
the gifts your mama gave you.
Or drive yourself crazy
with not knowing.
Can we talk?
Of course.
-[door closes]
-Let me again say thank you
so much for Christmas.
Oh, that's exactly what I wanted
to talk to you about.
About that, uh,
it was just a moment.
You don't have to worry.
I'm not worried.
I-I just mean we can pretend
it never happened.
What if I wanted it
to happen?
Annalise, I --
I've already had one misconduct
crisis at this firm.
So the board is why
you're saying no?
No, please don't
take this as a no.
Are you sure there's not
another reason?
I'm attracted to you,
if that's what you mean.
It wasn't.
I just think it's best if
we keep this professional.
I get it.
You can't stop being
this firm's good little boy.
[door closes]
BonBon.
Hello to you, too.
Everyone in here,
including you, Oliver!
We have a project.
So do we,
studying for our midterms.
Yeah, or did you forget that
we're still hoping to graduate
at the end of the year?
You won't get the chance
to graduate unless we
get Oliver's laptop back.
Uh, I told you.
It's encrypted.
And didn't Telesco
get suspended?
She isn't the only FBI officer
investigating Miller's case.
We have to write up a motion
to get the laptop back.
I'm thinking we focus on 4th
Amendment violations to start.
And let's be quick.
I can only be out of the office
a few hours.
BonBon back in charge.
I like it.
Where's Laurel?
Uh, Christopher has a check-up
at the pediatrician.
[Christopher coos]
[speaking in Spanish]
-[door opens]
-[Telesco] Ms. Castillo.
You brought your baby.
[Laurel] Christopher.
Cute.
You were vague on the phone.
I assume this is about
the Miller investigation?
No.
Someone keeps calling me from
a blocked number and hanging up.
You called me because you're
getting prank phone calls?
I think it's my mother.
I think she's trying to
warn me about something.
What does this have to do
with the FBI?
I haven't heard from her
since my father was arrested.
I assumed you put her
in Witness Protection.
You're making a lot
of assumptions here.
I'm a mother. I have to assume
the worst to protect my son.
I can find out who's calling
and offer you and your son
protection,
but I need information
in return.
About my father?
Your father's in prison.
I'm more interested
in people you know,
who also deserve to be in prison
for crimes currently unsolved.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
You do.
So talk,
and perhaps I can get
you the same immunity deal
your professor wanted.
Clearly, you need time
to think about it.
Stay safe, little guy.
[cooing]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[knocking on door]
What is that?
I didn't want to tell you
until I knew it was true.
Just show me, Annalise.
[sighs]
Emmett called Paula Gladden
on the night your father
was killed.
And they were talking
weeks before, like they
were planning it.
Who gave you this?
The Governor.
I know.
She's doing exactly
what I'd do in her position.
She's framing the only other
person she can think of.
Or she's telling the truth.
Pops' letters to your mom.
"Yesterday some
slick lawyer visited,
said he wanted me to fire
Annalise and hire him.
I sent his sorry ass packing,
of course."
[both] Emmett.
Who else?
You sure these are all
the visitors from that week?
Everyone who signed in,
at least.
[book closes]
Then get me
the security footage.
I don't have access to that.
And honestly,
I just need my money.
What if I can get you
more money?
I've done all I can, Nate.
Name your price.
-How much?!
-You're the one making all that
blood money from the firm.
-Fine. But he only gets paid
when he delivers.
-[knock on door]
-Talk later.
-[sighs]
There's no clinic during break,
you know that.
My mom wants to visit me
this weekend.
-But she still thinks
I'm in Virginia.
-What?
I never told her
I transferred from UVA.
Why are you telling me this?
-Because it involves you.
-No, it involves you.
You made the decision
to come here.
to lie to her.
[scoffs] What --
I-I thought I was being
considerate coming to you.
No, you came to me
because you wanted me
to tell you what to do.
I already saved your ass
from federal prison,
so my work is done.
Fine. Fine, I'll just--
I'll just tell her the truth.
So just be ready when
she shows up at your door.
Tell her the truth and she goes
back to snorting pills.
You want that?
Look, I... I'm just
really confused right now.
-I feel alone.
-It's called adulthood,
Gabriel.
Every single one of us
is alone all the time.
Accept it now and you'll save
yourself a lot of pain later.
Thanks for the advice.
[door closes]
What horrible thing are you
about to ask me to do?
Gabriel's mother
wants to visit.
Obviously, that's not
what any of us want.
Can't he just lie to her, say
he's buried studying for exams?
See, you're already thinking
two steps ahead.
Go to his place, make sure
he stops her visit.
You mean go to his place
and use my boobs again.
I want you to use your mind,
Michaela,
just like you did
with Simon.
You hated what
I did with Simon.
And we haven't heard
from him since.
Clearly, I was wrong.
[scoffs] Don't look at me like
I've never said that before.
You only say that when you're
trying to manipulate us.
[quietly] Look at me.
Right now.
I'm dealing
with a mess right now
that makes me
want to cash out my savings
and take a plane somewhere
none of you know exists.
What is going on?
Consider it a gift that
I'm not telling you.
[knock on door]
-What's up?
-Annalise's midterm
is in a week,
-and my roommates don't care.
-Makes sense.
-Annalise will probably
pass you all anyway.
-Not true.
But if you don't want
a study partner
who consistently ranks
in the top 5% of her class,
I'll let you figure
it out on your own.
You're not gonna plant
another nanny cam, are you?
I wouldn't even know
how to do that.
[Frank imitating whooshing]
Bet you didn't know
cars could fly.
Well, they can't, but they will
when you're old enough to drive.
He's really turned a corner
with his eye tracking.
[Laurel] Was Annalise gonna take
immunity from the FBI?
Where'd you hear that?
From her. She said she was
gonna talk to the FBI.
It's obvious.
I think they just wanted
to question her about Miller.
And everything else.
Look, Tegan got Telesco
suspended, so stop stressing.
It's gonna rub off
on Christopher.
Yeah, you mean more
than the wedding?
Look at the guy.
He's thriving, Laurel.
Yeah, well, I'm not.
Maybe that's because you
haven't forgiven Bonnie.
-Stop--
-I'm serious.
She's in a bad place.
I'm not saying
that's on you.
But I know she hates herself
for what happened.
And that you talking to her
and forgiving her
could be the thing
that keeps her alive.
Can you help me find out why
my mother is calling me?
If she's calling--
It's her.
I know you think
I'm paranoid,
but my father was never
just gonna sit in prison.
I need to protect
Christopher.
Why don't you get that?
I'll call Otis.
Thank you.
[Bonnie] "Special Agent Telesco
was recently exposed
as committing misconduct,
specifically planting
false evidence in the case
United States v. Maddox."
-[door closes]
-"It's also come to our
attention that Agent Telesco
engaged in romantic relations
with an FBI informant."
-[Bonnie] Don't put that in.
We can't know that.
-Hey.
Why are you here?
Uh, we're getting
Oli's laptop back.
How was the check-up?
Fine.
Do we think it's smart
to keep taking shots
at Telesco in court?
Isn't that just like
poking the bear?
Well, she's on probation.
It's our best argument
for the motion.
Okay, we are all proofed.
Only thing left is,
who's gonna be Oli's attorney?
Put Oliver.
He'll represent himself.
-What?
-Seriously, no.
I'll prep you.
You'll be fine.
Okay.
I mean, I guess I've watched
Annalise enough in court,
and I did do musical theater
in high school.
Why don't I do it?
You need to be supervised
by a licensed attorney.
I'm Oliver's husband.
I can be co-plaintiff.
We'll just say that
the computer contains
my personal information, too.
But it doesn't.
Look, this isn't some
fender-bender case.
We need to stack the deck
as best as we can here.
Good. Add Connor and file it
with the judge right away.
On it.
[keys clacking]
-Danielle said
you needed me?
-Come in.
Please.
So, how are you?
Okay, you know me,
straight shooter.
So if there's something
I've done wrong--
That's for you to tell me.
[inhales sharply]
A few weeks ago, IT alerted me
to an e-mail you received
in which you were referred
to as "Jane Doe."
I never confronted
you about it
because I didn't want
to believe it was true.
-Is it?
-No.
I think whoever sent that e-mail
was trying to frame me.
Who would do that?
That's what I can't
figure out.
But Sandrine Castillo
informed against Antares,
just like Laurel told us.
I just didn't tell you about
that e-mail because...
Well, I was afraid of this.
Emmett, please.
I'm not that stupid.
[chuckles]
I know.
That's why I called you in.
You want my job, right?
I'm sorry?
I've decided to pursue a job
opportunity outside of the firm.
-Why?
-It's just time.
You, on the other hand,
deserve a promotion,
to managing partner
if it's up to me.
-You're kidding.
-Ah, you
single-handedly, uh,
saved Ruthie's Burgers,
you brought in new accounts,
not to mention
you're brilliant.
Um...
Unless
you're not interested.
-I'm interested.
-Good.
I'll make sure that e-mail
never sees the light of day,
and I'll talk to the board.
Thanks.
That other job.
It's a competing firm?
-No.
-Oh.
Then what is it?
Between us?
Always.
Girl, he's gonna run for DA.
-Since when?
-[scoffs] I don't know,
but it's suspicious, right?
Like maybe he knows you know
and that the Governor knows
and this is just his way
to protect himself from
going to jail.
That's insane.
This whole situation
is insane, Annalise.
[sighs]
No wonder you drink.
[cellphone chimes]
[Dream Koala's "Earth" plays]
Your mom making sure her little
boy isn't working too hard?
Not my mother.
Janelle.
You'd like her.
Okay, how do you have
time to date with
everything that's going on?
I compartmentalize.
You know, find good things to
think about instead of the bad.
If you want,
I can show you how.
-Stop.
-You sure?
Because it seemed like you were
looking for something else
when you came here.
-I came to study.
-You came because
Annalise sent you.
-No.
-Are you supposed to talk me
out of letting my mother visit?
-I don't know what
you're talking about.
-Of course you don't.
Do the lies ever stop
with you guys?
[scoffs] Seriously?
You are calling me a liar?
You're right.
We lied to each other.
But I'm done with that.
Which is why I went to Annalise,
so I could try to figure out
a way to handle my mother
without lying to her
for the rest of my life.
Tell her you got the flu,
or that you need to lock
yourself in a library.
Anything to distract her so that
you can take your exams here
and then transfer back to
wherever you came from.
-Except I want to stay
at Middleton.
-Why?
Do not say because of me.
I was never gonna say that.
But, you know, it's good
to know you think
I like you that much.
You hungry?
I'll make us something.
[Telesco] Perhaps I can get
you the same immunity deal
your professor wanted.
Hey.
Mama doesn't want to drag you
to the FBI again,
so your uncles are gonna watch
you until I'm back, okay?
Can we talk?
It's fine.
Christopher's fine.
Please, Laurel.
...escape
From here
You have every right
to hate me.
-I don't.
-Just let me say this.
I don't talk about it,
you know that.
But no one ever protected me
when I was a child.
So the fact that
I'm now the adult
who hurt Christopher...
So close from the end
...I'll never forgive myself.
What if I forgive you
instead?
You don't need to do that.
You know, it's not your job.
[sniffles]
I'm so sorry.
[Asher] BonBon, it worked!
We just got a court time
for this afternoon!
[sniffles]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Judge Singh] Are the two of you
100 percent sure
you want to proceed
without counsel?
I'm a third-year law student
and fully prepared to argue
the motion, Your Honor.
Mr. Walsh, the seized property
at issue here doesn't appear
to belong to you.
That's correct,
but as Mr. Hampton's husband,
I also have personal information
on the computer,
which qualifies me
as an aggrieved party
pursuant to the Supreme Court's
determination of standing
established in Wiebe v. NSA.
Meaning I have property rights
that could be
negatively impacted by
the government's actions.
I know what
your property rights are.
What I don't know is how
they're being violated here.
[Bordal]
They aren't, Your Honor.
The FBI hasn't looked at
any materials on the computer
beyond what's outlined
on the warrant.
A warrant requested
by the same FBI agent
who was recently called out
for misconduct in the case
of Gabriel Maddox.
Agent Telesco's been removed
from this investigation.
Well, then, doesn't that
invalidate your claim,
Mr. Walsh?
No. The basis for the warrant
was unfounded.
But aren't there legitimate
reasons for the FBI's search
of the computer?
-No. Any reason --
-I was asking the AUSA.
The wedding is the last place
Ronald Miller was seen alive.
Their wedding photos could
contain vital information.
[quietly]
Say the download thing.
The FBI could have simply
downloaded the photos
in our presence without
taking the computer.
Not unless you and Mr. Hampton
already deleted some of them.
-Wedding photographer.
-[Judge Singh] Young man!
-No more of that.
-Sorry.
My point is,
there is no legitimate reason
why they needed access
to the entire computer.
[Judge Singh]
Well, I disagree, Counsel.
While you are quite confident,
that doesn't make up
for the fact
that the alleged bias by
Agent Telesco has been remedied.
-Uh, but --
-I rule that the FBI
can keep the computer
as long as they need.
Motion denied.
[gavel bangs]
Too bad this wasn't
just a fender bender.
Tell me all that money
was worth it.
-Check your e-mail.
-[mouse clicks]
I thought we were
getting footage.
He couldn't access
the full archives,
just some compressed files.
-You think it's Emmett?
-Looks like him.
I've wanted to smack the back
of that head enough times.
It's not the right contract.
Get me the right one,
otherwise, you're fired.
If you're working on something,
I can come back.
You're the boss.
I'm here to do
whatever you need.
Look, you're right.
About?
About me being
the firm's bitch.
There's no reason
I should give up
on the chance of you
outside of this place.
So would you perhaps go to
dinner with me some time?
Is tonight too soon?
[Frank] So, I talked to Otis.
He thinks this is
the number of the person
who's been pranking you.
It's a New York number, but Otis
said it's probably just a decoy
so no one can trace
the location.
You really want to open
this can of worms?
It's fine.
[phone rings]
[European ringtone]
[woman in French]
What does that mean?
The number's disconnected.
Maybe I should just
call my brother.
-Stop --
-I need him to tell me
what's going on.
Or maybe this is one of those
times where we do nothing.
Look.
We're never gonna be together,
I know that,
but Christopher's my guy.
I'll kill a whole army
of your family
before I let them take him
from you again.
I just want a normal life.
Don't we all?
[Christopher crying on monitor]
-That's his poop cry.
-Yeah.
You have sexy lipstick on.
It's for my date
with Emmett.
-What?!
-He changed his mind.
-You can't go.
-It was your idea!
Emmett had Nate Senior
killed, Annalise.
I called in a favor and got
a copy of his phone records.
They match what
the Governor gave you.
-You trust your IT guy?
-IT woman, and yes.
-She's my ex,
and she's a genius.
-Then why's she your ex?
My point is,
Emmett's guilty.
I want
to look him in the eye.
Make his guilty ass sweat.
[Emmett] I'm so glad
you guys put the rib eye
back on the menu.
[woman] You've been here before?
[Emmett] I've been
a fan of the chef since her
first restaurant in New York.
So you've had the crispy
Brussels sprouts?
I'm mean, they're my crack.
You might as well
put in the order right now.
Done.
What about cocktails?
Uh, no, thanks.
We're not drinking tonight.
Oh, don't not drink
because of me.
Nah, it's fine.
He'll have a double Scotch.
Keep 'em coming.
Yeah.
I hope that's not because
I seem nervous.
-Aren't you?
-A little.
Is it me?
Am I making you nervous?
Uh, I don't know how
to answer that.
Well, how about the truth?
Uh, I don't know about you,
but I haven't done this
in a while-- a date.
-And not with an employee.
-A colleague.
You see, I'm-- [chuckling]
I'm already screwing this up.
Ah, that remains to be seen.
[Gabriel] Dinner is served.
Unless you're vegan.
In that case,
there's no fake cheese here.
Let me guess.
You made Janelle
grilled cheese, too?
Okay, first of all,
calling this "grilled cheese"
is like saying LeBron James
is just a basketball player.
No, no, this--
this is Crucolo on brioche.
Damn.
Yeah, I know my way
around a kitchen.
Seriously, if you were to
make this for my whole house,
they might actually
want you to stick around.
You really want to know why
I want to stay here?
You're in love with me.
I get it.
I don't buy
that Wes killed Sam.
And maybe you're okay with
not knowing anything about
your birth parents, but...
I want to know
about my father.
And that includes
finding out how he died.
[quietly] Okay.
All I know
is what you know.
No, you know more.
I can tell.
Then you're just
making things up
because
you really want to believe
that half your DNA
isn't from a horrible man.
I get that,
more than you know.
What do you mean?
My birth father
shot my mother.
Do I know why?
No.
Because all I know is that
I am responsible for me,
not my birth parents,
not my adoptive parents.
And honestly,
I really like that.
Because that means I don't
have to deal with their crap
or expectations, and...
And I get to be me.
And on most days,
I really like me.
None of my parents have
anything to do with that.
Now I see why
Annalise sent you.
What?
You just made up that story so
we could stop talking about Sam.
Know what?
Call your mother,
tell her everything.
Including that Michaela Pratt
will never, ever
be with her lame son!
[breathes sharply]
Okay, okay, okay.
Just let me go!
I'm sorry.
I believe you, all right?
I hate myself for even
telling you any of that.
Everything okay?
What's going on?
I'm just tired.
What the hell'd
you say to her?
Nothing.
Hey.
-Walk away from me and I'll...
-[door slams]
...beat your face.
My family's fourth-generation
Concord.
Uh, ice-skating on Walden Pond,
lacrosse in the spring.
I was there until Hotchkiss,
then Yale,
-Oxford for a semester--
-This is the whitest crap
I have ever heard.
[laughs]
So true.
That was all set
before I was born.
Yeah, the Poli Sci major,
law school,
partner track
at the white shoe law firm...
I mean, it's pathetic
I'm only now thinking about
getting off the train.
What do you mean?
New job?
I'm not sure.
And you? I-I mean, I know
you're not long for C&G.
Mm, I think you're confusing me
with yourself.
Sorry?
You're running
for District Attorney.
[sighs] Yeah, I was, um...
waiting until dessert
to tell you.
-Why?
-Isn't it obvious?
You don't approve.
-Who cares if I approve?
-I do.
How long have you
been planning this?
Not long.
You inspired me,
actually.
Me?
I'm the firm's
good little boy, right?
And not all of us can, uh,
take a class action
to the Supreme Court.
Maybe this is my version.
You don't think
I should do it?
I don't know
if I believe you.
You don't believe my reasons
for wanting to do this
or you just don't like it?
Both.
See, I knew this would
ruin our dinner.
No. Who says it's ruined?
Well, you should see the way
you're looking at me.
-Well, I'm just trying to
get to know the real you.
-I'm here. Ask me anything.
-Well, that's not easy
for someone like you.
-What am I like, Annalise?
You perform,
people-please.
Why? You covering up
something?
[scoffs] I have no idea what
the hell you're talking about.
You don't get a big job
at the most powerful law firm
in the world
-without burying a few bodies.
-Is that what you're afraid of?
My past?
-I'm not afraid of
anything with you.
-You are.
-That's why you're
attacking me now.
-No. This is me attacking you?
-Look, I got flaws, Annalise,
God knows--
-I'm noticing.
And you don't, right?
You're perfect.
Smartest person in the room.
I'm realer than anyone else
in the room.
No, if that were true, you would
appreciate being with a man
who calls you out on your crap.
But you can't handle that.
You'd rather go in attack mode,
make me the enemy,
even if it means pushing away
someone who cares about you.
I just don't get you,
Annalise.
Really?
'Cause I get you completely.
-[door opens]
-[Bonnie] Where's Annalise?
She was never coming.
Sit.
We're not sure the Governor
put the hit on my pops anymore.
Then who did?
Emmett Crawford.
So Ron wasn't involved?
We don't know who was involved
at this point.
Why are you telling me this?
Annalise clearly
didn't want you to.
'Cause I need your help.
We need the video
from this meeting.
Warden Sykes is the only one
who can sign off.
I don't know him.
But you got something on him.
Police, medical examiner,
and inquest jury
all came to the same
conclusion.
My guards followed
all protocol that night.
You can tell Lahey
I said that.
-I'm not here for him.
-Right.
Think I haven't heard
he's still sniffing around this?
There's people sniffing
around you, too.
I'll get fired for telling
you this, disbarred,
but the D.A.'s office is looking
into you for corruption.
That's bull.
This is Sykes.
Jeff, hey. Ron Miller here.
[Sykes] Oh.
I didn't recognize the number.
[Ron] Yeah, my phone died.
Uh, listen, I'm calling
to thank you
for handling the
Nate Lahey Senior transfer.
[cellphone button clicks]
I'm willing to tell you about
what's coming down the line.
I just need you to agree.
To what?
Give me all the security-cam
footage from your visitor's room
on this date.
[sighs]
[Connor] That judge had it
out for me from the start.
Plus, that argument she made
about the removal of Telesco
invalidating our claim
was wrong.
Can you give me
your password again?
"Bananas47" didn't work.
Did you add
the exclamation point?
-[computer chimes]
-It's the court's jurisdiction
to determine fairness
in using
a biased affidavit,
but she wouldn't
let me say that
because she was so hell-bent
on putting me in my place.
-What are you doing?
-Hacking the judge's
credit card.
On my computer?
Your plan didn't work,
so now we're gonna do mine.
It's a federal crime
to hack a judge, Oliver.
I was reading
your ethics textbook
and came across this thing
about the appearance
of impropriety with judges.
Well, you can't reargue
the same motion twice.
-Unless there's new evidence.
-Which there isn't.
Then what do you call... this?
Just admit
you're impressed.
Your motion states you have
newly discovered evidence.
Or, like your husband,
do you plan to waste my time
here today, Mr. Hampton?
Uh, o-of course not,
Your Honor.
Then proceed. Quickly.
[chuckles] As you know,
I'm not a law student,
but last night,
after the hearing,
I was reading about how even
the appearance of impropriety
can be just as problematic
as actual impropriety.
As previously stated,
Agent Telesco's off this case.
I'm not talking
about Agent Telesco.
-I'm talking about you,
Your Honor.
-Excuse me?
-[whispering]
Let me know when it's over.
-[Oliver] Respectfully,
when you signed the warrant,
it was Christmas Day,
-during which you ate at
Delmonico's Wine Bar.
-How do you know that?
My old neighbor's
a waiter there. I talked
to him last night.
Signing a warrant outside
the courtroom is completely
within a judge's discretion.
Respectfully, how can we know
that you didn't have wine
with your meal?
-I didn't.
-But it's...
[chuckling] a wine bar.
Unless I'm misinterpreting
the law,
even if you weren't drinking
at the time that you signed
the warrant--
You're worried about
the public appearance?
Respectfully, yes, because
according to my research,
you should be worried about
the public appearance, too,
just in case anyone even thinks
that you had signed this warrant
under the influence.
Judge, were you or were you not
under the influence at the time
you signed the warrant?
-Clearly, the answer is no.
-Yes, but you only have my word.
You are a renowned judge
in this district.
Because I hold myself to
high standards, Mr. Bordal.
Mr. Hampton,
I don't often say this...
but well done.
[Bordal] Your Honor, this is
a District Attorney's death
we're investigating --
The only way I can expect others
to hold themselves accountable
in my courtroom
is if I do it myself.
So thank you for being my
teacher here today, Mr. Hampton,
and for doing it
so respectfully.
Due to the potential appearance
of judicial impropriety,
and the fact that the FBI
has had ample time to download
the necessary files,
I hereby vacate the warrant
and order the immediate return
of Mr. Hampton's computer.
[gavel bangs]
[Asher] Oliver for the win!
[Laurel] How did you
get it back?
Apparently, Oliver's charm
works on judges just as well
as it does on me.
-It's the dimples.
-Don't get too excited.
I have to make sure they didn't
get past my firewalls.
[typing on keyboard]
Researching ways
to kill off Gabriel?
What?
Whatever that was last night
looked pretty intense.
Oh. [sighs]
He's just an idiot.
Or you had feelings for him
and you know you shouldn't?
No.
You sure? Our secret.
He won't shut up about Sam
or my birth parents.
Wait, uh, back to Sam?
Of course, he doesn't
believe Wes did it.
Why would he?
And if that weren't bad enough,
he got in my head about
finding my birth parents.
Okay, but, uh... I thought
you always said you'd never
want to find them?
I didn't.
But Gabriel keeps making
me feel like, if I don't,
then I'm never gonna
feel whole or something.
And now here I am,
filling out this stupid form
and hating myself for it.
Okay.
Uh, so...
You're already whole.
You're like the wholest woman
I've ever met.
[voice breaking] Then why do
I feel like I need to do this?
For the... same reason
I called my mom.
You called your mom?
Yeah. On Christmas,
after Pam was all,
"Where are your parents?"
[sighs deeply]
Still no call back,
by the way, which hurts,
but, uh...
that's not my point.
What is?
Our lives suck.
Like, everything's always
falling apart around us.
So, yeah...
[chuckles]
...we want our mommy or
our daddy to tell us
everything's gonna be okay.
I mean, it's actually pretty
damn understandable.
I miss us.
I know.
[Connor] Michaela,
Asher, get in here!
[Michaela] What's going on?
My laptop has a program
that takes a picture
of anyone who tries to access
my encrypted files.
Look.
-Of course Telesco
was gonna try and snoop.
-Look at the background.
[mouse clicking]
Oh, my God.
[Laurel] They know
about Sam, Rebecca...
Sinclair.
They know everything.
[Michaela] Are you still there?
Yes. It's okay.
Of course, it's not okay.
Listen, we'd be in jail right
now if they had any real proof.
-Shouldn't we not be talking
about this on the phone?
-Or getting out of the country?
-Toronto's under eight hours.
-[Laurel]
Canada's not far enough.
-[Michaela] You need money
to be a fugitive.
-[Asher] AK has money.
And the $64,000 clinic prize,
she can give to one of you.
-[knock on door]
-[Michaela] Who is that?
Don't do anything
till I call back.
-What are you doing?
-You want me to be real?
Then you be real with me.
We're done. There's no need
to drag this out.
I didn't kill that man,
Annalise!
You know what?
I want you out of my home.
No, not until
you accuse me to my face.
Whoever told you that
is trying to get between us.
You and Tegan told me!
C&G has had a bug
in Tegan's office since Antares.
I went and listened to it
after our dinner.
[Tegan] Emmett had Nate Senior
killed, Annalise.
I got a copy
of his phone records.
Emmett's guilty.
You're too smart to believe
anything the Governor told you.
[Connor] Of course,
she's not calling us back.
Yeah, because
she's on a plane to Dubai.
Look, I got about a grand
in my checking account.
Maybe if we pool all our money
together, we can go, too.
Or we just go to the FBI,
all negotiate immunity.
[knocks on door]
What is this?
I'm here as a friend.
Since when?
I'll tell you
who killed your father.
You just need to
return the favor.
[Annalise] It's right there.
The night Nate Senior was shot,
you called Paula Gladden.
I don't know who that is.
The guard who lied
about Nate Senior
reaching for her gun!
-I never made a call.
T-This is all fake.
-Says you.
Th-- Why in the hell would
I kill Nate's father?!
I quit, humiliated you.
But that's not motive
to murder a man!
-Then why did you
visit him in prison?
-Who?
Nate Senior. There's a photo
of you meeting with him.
Or are you gonna lie
about that, too?
[exhales sharply]
We're gonna be here all night.
I'm gonna lose my job for this
footage, so go somewhere else
if you're gonna be all negative.
There he is.
You're playing yourself,
Annalise.
I was genuinely happy
when I was getting ready
for our dinner last night.
I felt alive, because finally
I was doing something
I wanted to do.
I was going on a date with
a brilliant, beautiful woman
that I felt lucky
to be seen with.
But for you, the whole night
was just a game.
No, it was a game to you,
some last-ditch effort
to make me feel sorry for you.
No, I feel sorry for you
because you can't even
recognize a good man
-when he's standing
in front of you.
-And you think that's you?
-Your first instinct is to
believe the worst in people.
-You know nothing about me.
Was it your husband?
Was it he who broke you?
[knock on door]
FBI?
Here we go.
Can I help you?
Package
for Laurel Castillo.
[sighs]
That's me.
You want to talk
about broken?
Why the hell were you
so scared of me the second
that you met me?
I could smell it off of you.
It's why I never
respected you.
Ah, you don't respect
anyone but yourself!
You let fear control
your whole life!
Fear of losing status,
losing face.
Oh, and you're
just so strong, right?
At least I don't hide behind
the color of my skin.
No, you're hiding
in your anger.
No, that's you hiding behind
your white-boy privilege.
You'd rather sit behind a desk
than to actually make a choice
that would cost you something.
Trust me, just knowing you
has cost me.
So of course I'm gonna believe
that you killed Nate Senior!
Anything to hold on
to every pathetic crumb
you think is your birthright!
But you know what?
Game over!
The world doesn't belong to you
and your good old boys anymore!
It belongs to me!
Turn around, jackass.
Patience.
[Bonnie] There.
Who is that?
Never seen him before.
I have.
It's the same size box that
the baptism gown came in.
Then it must be
from your mother.
A Christmas present
for Christopher?
Maybe money we can
all run away with?
Everyone, stop talking.
Laurel...
Is that...
My mother.
[cellphone rings]
What?
Emmett's not the lawyer
in the photo.
Who is it?
Xavier Castillo.
Laurel's brother.